README.md, before:

# [Moonwalk](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/moonwalk-rocket-launches/id1439376174)

[![iTunes App Store](https://img.shields.io/itunes/v/1439376174.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/moonwalk-rocket-launches/id1439376174)

A simple way to stay up to date with upcoming space launches, built with [React-Native](https://github.com/facebook/react-native), using the [Launch Library API](https://launchlibrary.net/).

## Preview

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://maximenory.com/public/mwpreview.png" />
</p>

## Installation

If you want to test the app on a simulator running locally, there's nothing more simple:

```bash
$ cd moonwalk

$ yarn

$ yarn build-ios

$ react-native run-ios
```

Although not deployed on the Google Play Store yet, the app is able to run on Android devices. To run the app, simply use the `react-native run-android` command. (This is an ongoing feature, expect some layout issues).

## Stack

[React-Native](https://github.com/facebook/react-native)

[React-Navigation](https://reactnavigation.org/)

[MobX](https://mobx.js.org/)

[Styled-Components](https://www.styled-components.com/)

## Contribute

If you find a bug, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

New ideas are always welcome, if you have an idea to change or add a feature, let me know by opening an issue or messaging me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/MaximeNory).

## Licence

MIT License

See [LICENSE](LICENSE)

Commit message:

add asset folder instructions to readme

README.md, after:

# [Moonwalk](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/moonwalk-rocket-launches/id1439376174)

[![iTunes App Store](https://img.shields.io/itunes/v/1439376174.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/moonwalk-rocket-launches/id1439376174)

A simple way to stay up to date with upcoming space launches, built with [React-Native](https://github.com/facebook/react-native), using the [Launch Library API](https://launchlibrary.net/).

## Preview

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://maximenory.com/public/mwpreview.png" />
</p>

## Installation

If you want to test the app on a simulator running locally, there's nothing more simple:

```bash
$ cd moonwalk

$ yarn

$ react-native run-ios
```

Although not deployed on the Google Play Store yet, the app is able to run on Android devices. To run the app, simply use the `react-native run-android` command. (This is an ongoing feature, expect some layout issues).

## Stack

[React-Native](https://github.com/facebook/react-native)

[React-Navigation](https://reactnavigation.org/)

[MobX](https://mobx.js.org/)

[Styled-Components](https://www.styled-components.com/)

## Contribute

If you find a bug, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

New ideas are always welcome, if you have an idea to change or add a feature, let me know by opening an issue or messaging me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/MaximeNory).

## Standalone build

```bash

$ yarn build-ios

```

then, in XCode, right click on the moonwalk target -> "Add files to Moonwalk" -> select the asset folder, and make sure the 'create folder references' checkbox is ticked.

You should be able to build the app with ⌘(cmd)+B.



## Licence

MIT License

See [LICENSE](LICENSE)
